Jaden: LAST TIME
ON "YU-GI-OH! GX"...
WE HAVE SOME COMPANY ARRIVING.
LOOK OVER THERE.
IT'S--! IS THAT REALLY--?!
IT'S JESSE!
HMM.
A NEW DAY DAWNS.
BEFORE LONG--
THE FABRIC OF ALL THINGS
WILL BE UNDONE.
THEN REWOVEN.
SO THAT ALL DIMENSIONS
BECOME ONE.
I'D RATHER HAVE A DUEL
THAN SIT THROUGH
A LECTURE.
SO YOU READY
TO GET YOUR GAME ON?
All: OH.
Syrus: MY BROTHER'S
GOTTA STOP THIS...
HE CAN'T TAKE IT.
WHY NOT, SY?
Crowler: THOSE UNDERGROUND DUELS
SEEMED TO HAVE
TAKEN A TOLL ON ZANE'S HEART.
THIS BATTLE COULD BE HIS END.
JESSE--WHAT ARE
YOU DOING?
DO YOU EVEN KNOW
WHAT HAPPENS
IF YOU LOSE
A DUEL HERE?
OF COURSE I KNOW.
IN FACT--THAT'S WHY
I'M DOING THIS.
WHAT DO YA MEAN?
Yubel: WHEN I DESTROY
YOUR FRIEND...
I WANT YOU TO BE WATCHING.
THEN MAYBE...YOU'LL
FINALLY KNOW MY PAIN.
MY SORROW.
OH, NO...
IT'S YUBEL...
ATTACK HIM WITH STRIDENT BLAST!
[GROANING]
ZANE, NO!
JESSE!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH THE CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA LEARN
HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
[THINKING] JESSE...
THAT SHOULD DO IT!
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
ALMOST.
BUT IT'LL TAKE
MORE THAN THAT
TO BEAT ME.
THANKS TO THIS CARD,
ZANE: RAINBOW PATH!
LIKE TO KNOW HOW IT WORKS?
[SCOFFS]
IT'S SIMPLE, REALLY.
ALL I HAVE TO DO IS
CHOOSE A CRYSTAL
THAT'S ON MY FIELD,
AND THEN I JUST SEND IT
DIRECTLY TO MY GRAVEYARD.
BY DOING THAT...
THE EFFECT OF YOUR ATTACK
IS NEGATED!
IMPRESSIVE.
I'M GLAD THAT YOU'RE
THE WORTHY OPPONENT
I THOUGHT YOU WERE.
WELL, IF THAT IMPRESSED YOU,
GET READY FOR THIS!
I CAN TAKE A CARD
FROM MY DECK...
AND ADD IT
STRAIGHT TO MY HAND!
AND ON TOP OF ALL THAT,
IT'S MY TURN!
NOW, THEN...
WHEN THERE ARE A TOTAL OF
7 ADVANCED CRYSTAL BEASTS
EITHER ON MY FIELD
OR IN MY GRAVEYARD...
I GET TO SUMMON...
MY RAINBOW DARK DRAGON
TO THE FIELD
IN ATTACK MODE!
[GRUNT]
[ROARS]
I NEVER...THOUGHT I WOULD
SEE THAT BEAST IN BATTLE...
I LOOK FORWARD
TO SLAYING IT.
YEAH, THAT LIZARD'S
NO MATCH FOR
MY BIG BROTHER!
TAKE IT DOWN!
BUT, SYRUS,
WITH 4,000 ATTACK POINTS,
IF ZANE GETS HIT, THIS MATCH
WILL BE ALL OVER,
AND ZANE'LL BE
SENT TO THE STARS...
UNLESS OF COURSE,
HE CAN FIND
THE STRENGTH TO WIN!
DARK DRAGON!
ATTACK WITH
DARK RAINBOW REFRACTION!
[GROWLS]
HATE'TA DISAPPOINT'YA JESSE, BUT
IF MY DRAGON'S IN ATTACK MODE...
IT CAN NEGATE YOUR ATTACK
ONCE A TURN!
[GROWLS]
BRAVO!
THANK GOODNESS!
HOLD UP.
HOLD UP IS RIGHT!
DUE TO THE EFFECT
OF MY FIELD SPELL,
WHEN MY RAINBOW DARK DRAGON
ATTACKS YOU,
YOUR DRAGON'S SPECIAL ABILITY
IS CANCELLED OUT!
[GASP]
[GRUNTS]
WHICH MEANS YOU'RE NO LONGER
SAFE FROM MY ATTACK!
[ROARS]
[GASPS, GROWLS]
[GRUNTS, GASPS]
[GASP]
Both: FIGHT IT, ZANE!
COME ON!
HIS LIFE POINTS!
[GROWLS]
[CHUCKLES]
NOW THAT'S WHAT I CALL
A HEART ATTACK!
I PLAY A FACEDOWN.
YOU GO,
IF YOU CAN, THAT IS!
[GRUNTS
[THINKING] I'M GOING TO ENJOY
WIPING THE FIELD CLEAN
OF THAT DRAGON.
I KNOW I HAVE ENOUGH STRENGTH
TO WIN THIS FIGHT,
AND IF I HAVE TO,
I'LL USE EVERY LAST BIT OF IT
TO MAKE SURE I DO!
[SIGHS] YOU ALL RIGHT?!
[GRUNTS]
JADEN...
I'VE NEVER BEEN BETTER!
I SACRIFICE MY TWO
CYBER DRAGONS...
TO ACTIVATE THIS:
PHOTON GENERATOR UNIT!
...AND DUE
TO ITS EFFECT,
I CAN SUMMON
THIS BEAST...
MY CYBER LASER DRAGON
IN ATTACK MODE!
AND NEXT I'LL ACTIVATE
ITS SPECIAL ABILITY!
THIS LETS ME
DESTROY A MONSTER
THAT HAS MORE THAN
2,400 ATTACK
OR DEFENSE POINTS.
SO Y'KNOW
WHAT THAT MEANS!
OH, NO! WITH 4,000
ATTACK POINTS,
MY DARK DRAGON
WILL BE...!
YOU CAN'T!
DO YA WANNA BET?!
GO BLUE, LIGHTING LASH!
ONCE AGAIN,
YOU ALMOST HAD ME.
BUT YOU SEE, BY SENDING
ONE OF MY CRYSTAL BEASTS
DIRECTLY TO MY GRAVEYARD...
MY DRAGON'S SAFE AND SOUND!
YOU'RE JOKING!
YOU KNOW IT, BUT
THE JOKE'S ON YOU, ZANE!
AND IT'S GONNA BE ME
WHO'LL GET THE LAST LAUGH
ONCE YOUR DRAGON'S
DESTROYED!
[GROWLS]
I PLAY A FACEDOWN...
AND END MY TURN.
THEN IT'S MY MOVE,
AND NEXT,
I'M USING DARK DRAGON
TO ATTACK!
[ROARS]
NOT SO FAST, JESSE!
I PLAY
THE TRAP CYBERNETIC
HIDDEN TECHNOLOGY!
NOW, BY SENDING ONE
CYBER MACHINE TYPE-MONSTER
TO MY GRAVEYARD,
I GET TO DESTROY ONE OF
YOUR ATTACKING MONSTERS!
I'D SAY THAT'S
A PRETTY GOOD TRADE OFF!
SO BY SACRIFICING
CYBER LASER DRAGON,
YOUR RAINBOW
DARK DRAGON'S HISTORY!
BUT ZANE'S
LEFT HIMSELF DEFENSELESS!
WHAT'S HE THINKING?
HE MUST HAVE
A STRATEGY!
I HOPE SO!
..OR ELSE ZANE
IS FINISHED!
WITH YUBEL CONTROLLING JESSE,
ZANE'S GOTTA DIG DEEP
IF HE WANTS TO WIN THIS DUEL.
I JUST HOPE
HIS LAST MOVE PAYS OFF!
EVEN THOUGH YOU PLAYED
YOUR MONSTER'S
SPECIAL ABILITY,
I TAKE THIS CRYSTAL,
AND SEND IT
TO MY GRAVE--
TO SAVE MY BEAST!
[GROWLS]
DON'T YOU GET IT YET, ZANE?
YOUR ATTACKS ARE POINTLESS!
YOU SURE ABOUT THAT?
YEAH. WHY?
BECAUSE, LIKE YOU,
I TOO HAD A PLAN!
SAY WHAT!?
YOU SEE,
YOU'RE OUT OF CRYSTALS,
WHICH MEANS
YOU'RE OUT OF WAYS
TO SAVE YOUR DRAGON!
CLEVER...BUT LOOK AT
WHAT YOU HAVE LEFT!
NOT A THING...
NO MONSTERS.
NO SPELLS OR TRAPS.
NO DEFENSE!
WHAT KIND OF A PLAN
IS THAT?
EVEN YOUR HAND IS EMPTY.
IT MAY BE...
BUT IF THIS IS
MY LAST MATCH,
I'M GONNA MAKE IT COUNT!
OH, REALLY?
Zane: YOU KNOW IT!
YOU SEE...I'VE DUELED
ALL OVER
THIS CRAZY WORLD,
IN ALL SORTS OF PLACES.
I'VE BATTLED
IN STADIUMS...
AND UNDERGROUND ARENAS.
N' YOU KNOW WHAT?
LOOKING BACK, I REALIZE
I HAD ALL THE GLORY...
[GROANS] BUT
I MISSED OUT ON HAVING
ANY OF THE FUN!
SO IF THIS IS
THE LAST DUEL
I EVER TAKE PART IN...
I CAN GUARANTEE...
THAT WHETHER
I WIN OR LOSE
I'M GOING TO ENJOY
EVERY LAST MOVE.
[CHUCKLES]
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I'M SORRY!
SORRY THAT
IN YOUR LAST DUEL...
YOU'RE NOT GOING TO
GET ANY OF THE FUN
OR THE GLORY THIS TIME.
OHH. COME ON ZANE!
YOU CAN'T LISTEN TO HIM BECAUSE
IT'S YOUR TURN TO SHINE!
YOU CAN DO IT, ZANE!
[CHUCKLES]
YOU KNOW IT, SY!
I DRAW!
HMM...
AND PLAY
CYBER VALLEY!
NOW, HOW DO YOU PLAN ON
BEATING ME WITH THAT?!
THAT CARD'S USELESS.
IT HAS ABSOLUTELY NO
ATTACK AND DEFENSE POINTS!
BUT IT HAS 3 VERY
SPECIAL ABILITIES,
AND I GET TO CHOOSE
ONE OF EM...
[GROWLS]
AND I CHOOSE...
CYBER VALLEY'S
SECOND ABILITY!
AND HERE'S
WHAT IT DOES.
BY REMOVING
MY CYBER VALLEY
AND MY CYBERNETIC
HIDDEN TECHNOLOGY
FROM THE GAME,
I GET TO DRAW
TWO CARDS.
AND NOW, I THINK
I'LL ACTIVATE
ONE OF THEM.
WITH OVERLOAD FUSION,
IF I REMOVE
MY 3 CYBER DRAGONS,
AS WELL AS
BARRIER DRAGON
AND MY CYBER
LASER DRAGON...
THIS SPELL LETS ME
FUSION SUMMON...
MY CHIMERATECH--
FORTRESS DRAGON!
[ROARS]
AND WITH HIM OUT,
YOU DON'T STAND
A CHANCE!
I DON'T THINK SO!
IT LOOKS LIKE
YOUR DRAGON'S JUST AS WEAK
AS THE LAST ONE!
AND JUST
AS DANGEROUS!
YOU SEE, EVEN THOUGH
MY CHIMERATECH
FORTRESS DRAGON
DOESN'T HAVE ENOUGH
BITE TO DESTROY
A MONSTER
WHEN IT ATTACKS,
ITS SPECIAL ABILITY
SURE DOES MAKE UP
FOR IT!
WHENEVER IT ATTACKS,
YOUR LIFE POINTS
TAKE 400 POINTS
OF DAMAGE!
WELL, BRING IT ON.
OH, I INTEND TO...
'CAUSE FOR
EVERY MONSTER
I SACRIFICED,
MY CHIMERATECH NOW
GETS TO ATTACK YOU
THE SAME
NUMBER OF TIMES!
YOU WANT ME
TO BRING IT ON...
CONSIDER IT BROUGHT!
NOW LET'S
START THE COUNTDOWN
TO YOUR DEMISE!
GO, SONIC SCREECH!
[ROARS]
[YELPS]
AND THERE'S 4 MORE
WHERE THAT
CAME FROM!
ATTACK!
[ROARS]
AAH!
AND WE'RE NOT
DONE YET!
[ROARS]
AAH!
HOW YA FEELIN?!
HIT'EM AGAIN!
[ROARS]
AAH!
SO IS THAT
ALL YOU GOT?!
NOT AT ALL!
I HAVE ONE MORE
ATTACK LEFT!
CHIMERATECH,
END THIS NOW!
[ALL GROANING]
ZANE? JESSE?!
[GASP]
DISAPPOINTED?
BET YOU THOUGHT
THE DUEL WAS OVER.
BUT THANKS TO THIS,
YOU AND I AREN'T FINISHED
DUELING EACH OTHER JUST YET!
BEFORE YOUR CHIMERATECH'S
FOURTH ATTACK,
I ACTIVATED THE TRAP CARD
RAINBOW LIFE!
NOW, DUE TO ITS EFFECT,
ALL THE DAMAGE
I WOULD HAVE
TAKEN FROM THOSE
FIRST ATTACKS
GETS ADDED
TO MY LIFE POINTS,
AND THE ONLY DAMAGE I TAKE
IS FROM YOUR LAST ATTACK.
AAH!
UHH!
[CHUCKLES]
SO, TELL ME, ZANE,
WAS THAT MOVE
A REAL HEART STOPPER?
'CAUSE YOU'RE NOT
LOOKING TOO GOOD!
LISTEN UP-- AS LONG
AS I HAVE A CARD
LEFT TO PLAY,
IT AIN'T OVER!
[GASP] BUT ZANE!
YOUR HAND'S EMPTY!
ALL RIGHT...
IF PLAYING A FACEDOWN
IS THE BEST YOU CAN DO,
THEN MAYBE
I SHOULD PUT YOU
OUT OF YOUR MISERY!
NOW THEN,
LET'S END THIS!
RAINBOW DARK DRAGON,
ATTACK HIM DIRECTLY!
[GROWLS, ROARS]
[GROWLS] I PLAY
THE SPELL...
DIMENSION EXPLOSION.
I RETURN ONE FUSION
MONSTER TO MY DECK
AND ANY MONSTERS
WE REMOVED COME BACK!
SO THAT MEANS,
BY REMOVING CHIMERATECH,
I CAN SUMMON BACK
A COUPLE MORE DRAGONS!
BUT THEN...
FOR THE PRICE OF
ONE DRAGON, YOU GET 4!
THAT'S RIGHT, AND WITH
CYBER VALLEY BACK,
I ACTIVATE ITS FIRST
SPECIAL ABILITY!
BY REMOVING
THIS DRAGON FROM PLAY,
NOT ONLY CAN I DRAW
A CARD FROM MY DECK...
BUT THE BATTLE PHASE
IS OVER!
[GROWLS]
Jesse: GUESS I'M DONE.
HE'S CERTAINLY LIVED UP
TO HIS REPUTATION,
BUT I HAVE ONE ADVANTAGE
HE DOESN'T-- TIME.
AND FROM THE LOOKS
OF THINGS, HE WON'T
BE AROUND MUCH LONGER!
[GROWLS]
Crowler: HOW CAN
THE POOR BOY
KEEP DUELING?!
HE'S A FIGHTER.
AND HE'LL
KEEP FIGHTING!
BUT HE WON'T LAST...
YOU'RE WRONG!
YEAH!
WE CAN'T GIVE UP!
HE'S BEEN THROUGH WORSE!
AND HE'LL FIND A WAY
TO WIN THIS BATTLE!
[WHIMPERS]
[GROWLS]
MY MOVE!
AND I PLAY THIS!
THE SPELL POWER BOND!
[GASP]
WHAT DOES THAT DO?
[THINKING] MORE THAN
YOU'LL EVER KNOW!
NEXT, I'LL
ACTIVATE THE MAGIC
OF POWER BOND!
WITH THIS SPELL CARD,
I'M ALLOWED TO SUMMON
A MACHINE-TYPE
FUSION MONSTER!
WITH ANOTHER
CYBER DRAGON
IN MY HAND,
I CAN FUSE 3 OF THEM
AND CREATE...
THE CYBER END
DRAGON!
NOW I'LL ACTIVATE...
MY SPELL CARD!
RECOGNIZE IT, JADEN?
IT'S POWER BOND!
AND WITH IT, I CAN SUMMON BACK
AN OLD FRIEND...
THE CYBER END DRAGON!
AWESOME!
[GRUNTS]
[ALL ROARING]
I SEND 3 CYBER DRAGONS
TO'THE GRAVEYARD
AND...SUMMON...
CYBER END DRAGON!
[ROARS]
[GRUNTS]
AND THANKS TO THE EFFECT
OF MY SPELL CARD
POWER BOND,
MY CYBER END DRAGON'S
ATTACK POINTS
ARE DOUBLED!
WHAT A MOVE!
WOW, ZANE!
YOU REALLY ARE GREAT!
I'M GONNA MISS YA!
AND I, YOU, JADEN.
AND THAT'S WHY...
I'M PASSING YOU
THE TORCH.
ONCE I LEAVE HERE...
YOU'LL BE THE TOP STUDENT
AT THIS SCHOOL.
DESPITE YOUR GRADES
OR YOUR RANK,
YOU'LL BE THE BEST,
SO MAKE ME PROUD.
I'LL GIVE IT
MY ALL, ZANE.
NOW I'LL ACTIVATE...
THE TRAP KNOWN AS...
FINAL FUSION!
IF THIS CARD'S PLAYED...
WE BOTH TAKE DAMAGE
EQUAL TO OUR MONSTERS'
COMBINED ATTACK POINTS!
AND YOU KNOW
WHAT THAT MEANS!
SURE DO.
[THINKING] ZANE,
YOU WERE THE BEST THEN,
AND YOU'RE THE BEST NOW!
[GROANS] THAT BEAST
HAS SO MUCH POWER!
[THINKING]
THAT'S RIGHT JESSE--
NOBODY'S WALKIN' AWAY
FROM THIS DUEL.
IF I GOTTA GO,
THEN I'M TAKIN' WITH ME
WHATEVER DARK SPIRIT
IS CONTROLLING YOU!
A NEW DAWN IS RISING!
IT'S UNFORTUNATE
YOU AREN'T GOING TO BE
AROUND TO WITNESS IT.
YUBEL!
THIS DUEL ENDS
WITH YOUR DESTRUCTION!
[GROWLS]
[YUBEL LAUGHS]
[THINKING] YUBEL HAS BEEN
POSSESSING JESSE
THIS ENTIRE DUEL,
BUT IF I CAN
DRAW IT OUT OF JESSE,
THEN MAYBE I CAN DEFEAT IT
AND SEND IT TO THE STARS
WHILE SAVING OUR FRIEND.
Jaden: COME ON.
THAT LAST MOVE
SCARED THE EVIL
CONTROLLING JESSE!
YUBEL'S AFRAID, 'CAUSE
I THINK IT REALIZES
THAT ZANE'S NOT LOOKING
TO SAVE HIMSELF ANYMORE.
HE'S GONNA SACRIFICE
HIMSELF AND THE DUEL,
TO TAKE YUBEL
DOWN WITH HIM.
JADEN, LOOK!
[LAUGHTER]
[CHUCKLES, GRUNTS]
[SNICKERS]
THE ONLY WAY
TO DEFEAT ME...
IS TO DESTROY,
YOUR FRIEND JESSE...
[CHUCKLES]
WE'LL SEE
ABOUT THAT, YUBEL!
READY!
CYBER END DRAGON,
ATTACK!
NOT SO FAST!
HERE'S MY FACEDOWN TRAP!
NOW FOR EVERY
CRYSTAL BEAST IN MY GRAVE
MY COUNTER GEM TRAP CARD
BRINGS THEM BACK TO MY
SPELL AND TRAP CARD ZONE!
AND IF THAT
WEREN'T ENOUGH, ZANE...
NOW I'M ALLOWED TO ACTIVATE
MY RAINBOW DARK DRAGON'S
SPECIAL ABILITY!
AND THAT MEANS...
FOR EVERY CRYSTAL BEAST
SENT BACK
TO MY GRAVEYARD...
MY DRAGON GETS
A THOUSAND MORE
ATTACK POINTS!
[ROARS]
[ALL GASP]
Crowler:
IT'S TOO STRONG!
I KNOW...
[GASP]
COME ON, ZANE!
[GROWLS]
[CHUCKLES AND LAUGHTER]
LAUGHING?!
WHAT COULD POSSIBLY
BE SO FUNNY?
YOUR DRAGON'S OUTMATCHED!
YOU CAN'T BEAT ME
NO MATTER WHAT
YOU TRY TO DO!
[LAUGHS]
[LAUGHTER]
HOW DOES IT FEEL,
KNOWING THAT YOU FAILED?
YOU'RE NOT GOING TO
DEFEAT ME OR SAVE JESSE!
THAT MAY BE, BUT AT
LEAST I'M GOING OUT
ON MY OWN TERMS!
I PLAY CYBERNETIC ZONE!
AND I REMOVE CYBER END
DRAGON FROM PLAY!
YOU WHAT?!
YOU JUST DESTROYED THE ONLY
CHANCE YOU HAD OF WINNING!
[GROANS]
Tania, Crowler,
and Bastion: NO...
Ojama Yellow:
OH DEAR--ZANE!
[GASP]
OH!
[GROWLS]
WHAT HAPPENED?!
AND WHY DOES HIS DRAGON
HAVE 16,000 ATTACK POINTS?!
[GASP]
HE DID IT!
THIS IS ALL TOO MUCH!
THANKS TO HIS CYBERNETIC
ZONE SPELL,
HIS CYBER DRAGON COMES BACK
TWICE AS STRONG!
BUT IT'LL COST ME.
I STILL MUST PAY...
FOR PLAYING MY POWER BOND.
CYBER END DRAGON'S
ORIGINAL ATTACK POINTS...
...NOW RETURN TO ME AS DAMAGE!
AND IT'S A LOT MORE THAN THIS
OLD HEART OF MINE CAN HANDLE...
[ROARS]
IT'S OVER, THEN.
THE DUEL IS MINE.
Jaden and Bastion: ZANE!
Syrus: WAKE UP!
ZANE?
HEY! YUBEL!
HOLD ON!
STOP RIGHT THERE!
DON'T...LEAVE!
DUEL ME...
ARE YOU LISTENING!
[SIGHS]
OH, WE'LL DUEL, JADEN,
BUT THIS IS NOT
THE TIME OR THE PLACE.
YOUR CHANCE
WILL COME, PAL...
I'LL BE WAITING FOR YOU
ON THE OTHER SIDE, JADEN.
DON'T BE TOO LONG NOW...
[JESSE LAUGHS]
Zane: JADEN...
YES, ZANE?
PROMISE...PROMISE
TO BE CAREFUL.
THE DARKNESS INSIDE
OF HIM IS STRONG.
YUBEL IS POWERFUL.
I GAVE EVERYTHING
AND LOST,
BUT I KNOW YOU CAN
BEAT HIM, JADEN.
ONCE MORE, I PASS
THE TORCH...TO YOU...
ZANE, STOP THIS TALK
RIGHT NOW!
WE'LL GET YOU HOME 'N'
YOU'LL BE FINE, YOU HEAR?
YOU JUST NEED SOME "R AND R"!
HE'S RIGHT!
FIGHT IT!
YOU CAN'T THROW IN
THE TOWEL, ZANE!
I WON'T LET YOU
GIVE UP THE FIGHT.
IF WE AIM TO GET
OUT OF THIS WORLD,
WE'RE GONNA NEED YOUR HELP!
[MOANS]
ZANE!
JADEN NEEDS YOU!
HE NEEDS YOU TO SHOW HIM
HOW TO DEFEAT YUBEL!
JADEN'S GONNA BE FINE...
PLEASE, ZANE!
STOP THIS!
YOU CAN'T
LEAVE SYRUS!
HE NEEDS
A BIG BROTHER!
HE'S GOT ONE.
YOU TWO WATCH OUT
FOR EACH OTHER.
AND STAY OUT OF TROUBLE!
OH!
DON'T GO!
HEY, SYRUS...
I'M PROUD OF YOU!
AND I ALWAYS WILL BE...
NO, ZANE!
[BASTION, JADEN,
AND CROWLER GASP]
[SYRUS WHIMPERS]
[SOBBING]
[BOTH SOBBING]
Syrus: BIG BROTHER!!!
[SOBBING]
Jaden: YUBEL...
I'M COMING FOR YOU!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH THE CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOT TO LEARN
HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW, LET'S GO! ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, COME ON
AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪